"Incredible class. I would recommend it to anyone. Farid may be the best professor I have ever had. The work load isn't terrible, but there is certainly work. Lots of extra help available from TAs though. This is a class you must take while at Dartmouth",
"Course: This was an AMAZING class! I thought that the pacing was very reasonable, even a bit slow, which was nice. I came into this class knowing literally NOTHING about programming, so I thought I would be at a disadvantage, but my lack of experience didn't hurt me at all. Prof. Farid doesn't assume any prior knowledge at all. Professor: Prof. Farid is an incredible professor. He is super clear, funny, receptive to questions, and makes the class feel small despite its large size. I have nothing but good things to say about him. He's also very accessible at office hours, and he answers emails at lightning speed. And he isn't full of himself either. Workload: Here's the basic breakdown: 9 "Short Assignments" -- usually short programming assignments; usually due the next class day. 4 Labs -- longer programming assignments; usually get over a week to do them. Other than that there isn't a whole lot to do. I found it useful to study over my notes (and the lecture notes posted online) after every class, just to solidify everything. (And because CS is cumulative, this is important and saves time in the long run.) Some people found the workload to be crazy, but I didn't think that was the case. Here's what I think is the key: DON'T START ASSIGNMENTS THE NIGHT BEFORE THEY ARE DUE! That's super stressful, and it makes your brain turn to mush. And programming is hard when your brain has gone to mush. I found that the assignments took a much shorter amount of time when I started them early.",
" Course: This is a class you need to take before graduation. Take it as your TLA. Professor: Clear and fair, and a very cool person too. Workload: This is computer science. What else do you expect? 9 short assignments and 4 lab assignments (usually takes your entire weekends). Takes a lot of time for sure.",
"Course: Absolutely fantastic course with Farid. Best class so far. Professor: Farid is phenomenal - funny, smart, interesting, and good lecturer Workload: A lot of work, but not too bad - just make sure you start studying early and you do your labs before the night before it's due",
"Course: Course was great. Very good introduction to CS. It was well paced, spread out, and very reasonable. Professor: The best professor I have had at Dartmouth. Probably the reason I am considering majoring Workload: Definitely manageable, but pace is very fast. Need to stay on top of things but nothing absurd.",
"Decided to become a Comp Sci major after taking this class with Farid! Coursework is reasonable, 1 lab assignment (about 4 - 6 hours) with 1 - 3 short assignments (can take anywhere between 15 minutes and 2 hours) every week. 1 midterm and 1 final. Workload is manageable but make sure to stay on top of it since there are always assignments due every 3 days. TAs and prof very available to help outside of class if you can't figure them out on your own. The material is very interesting and Prof. Farid does an excellent job of motivating students to pursue further studies in CS by expanding the lectures into the application of the concepts we were learning in class. Highly recommended."