"Great Professor, teaches at a slow pace, Jayanti really tries to get to know all his students and answer any questions you may have",
"Jayanti is great. Very engaging, which is needed considering the size of the class. Office hours helpful but TAs not always reliable. It's pretty hard, but really interesting",
"I'm only a freshman but I know that I will be utterly shocked if any professor comes close to the genuine enthusiasm Jayanti showed for his students, his TAs, and his pure love of learning, teaching, and computer science. Take Jayanti's course. I will never take another CS class, but I am so grateful to have been taught by such a happy and kind man. He is an amazing professor.",
"Prof Jayanti is the best teacher I have ever had. He is so dedicated and easygoing. He opens extra office hours just to make sure everyone knows the basics. However, the class is hard especially for the fall term because there are so many people who have years of experience of CS in high school take the course. They make the curve steeper. For the two midterms, the class's performance was so polarized that half of the students were above 80+, while the other half was around 60, which made our mean around 10 marks lower than the median. I don't recommend people who did not have CS experience before take it in the fall term- you will feel very left behind even for the very first few weeks because your peers already doing this for years.",
"100% do not recommend taking this course in the fall if you do not have prior CS experience. You'll feel left behind really early on and will have to work a lot harder than everyone else to achieve anywhere near the median. Don't let the median fool you either; there are two medians for this class -- one is those with experience, one is without, without a lot of people in the middle range. Many people will drop the class and the disparities between experience and inexperienced will only widen as the term goes on. I (thankfully) NROed this class with the advice of my tutor, which is the only reason I stuck with this course until the end. That being said, Jayanti is an enthusiastic and engaging prof."