"It's really helpful if you already know some Java before starting this course. I relied heavily on my Java background from AP computer science in the class. The class moves really quickly, but it's manageable. Preview the material before class, review the slides after lecture, and make sure you understand the programming drill exercises and problem sets. The problem sets take so much time and are really difficult, so start them as soon as possible and stick to a good schedule. The problem sets are really frustrating and difficult, but they are also extremely rewarding at the end (when the code actually works). The TAs are helpful in general, but some didn't really know what was happening a lot of the time. Professor Pierson explains concepts well. However, the problem sets could have been explained a little bit more clearly.",
"I took CS1 with Cormen — no programming experience beforehand — and found it very manageable and straightforward. CS10 was double the workload & difficulty. Mainly because Pierson doesn't spoonfeed you nearly as much as Cormen does; whereas Cormen's instructions on both labs & exams were basically pseudocode, there is a lot more room for interpretation, and variability in solutions & their efficiencies, on Pierson's materials. Get used to thinking of data structures within data structures within data structures. Also, do whatever you need to do to keep up with the fast pace of this course (preview, review, ask questions, etc.). Make use of TA office hours, but maximize your time by going to the ones with the more experienced TAs. You'll figure out who they are soon enough.",
"This class went insanely fast. Pierson goes through roughly 120 slides per class. It was hard to absorb all the information being thrown at you. I recommend sitting on the sides with your laptop in class and following along on your computer to the slides. Sometimes he goes really slow on the concepts to make sure you understand it, but then he'll speed through the actual code parts. The labs were hard. It took a lot of hours at office hours with TAs for me to figure out the labs. Try to do labs with partners. That definitely helps. Do the practice problems before the exams, but don't fret if you can't figure them out. His exams were usually much easier than the practice problems he gave us. His final really helped boost my grade. If all else fails, remember you can NRO this class.",
"The concepts in the class are not hard, it's just a lot of material being thrown at you so the class is time consuming. Professor Pierson is a smart guy (not to mention cool) and his office hours are really helpful if you have specific questions. For the class, the PPTs are very helpful ~ if you understand them back and front, that's all you need for the exams. You need to taking learning into your own hands for this class. You can't just go to class and listen. You need to know the PPTs like the back of your hand -- I studied for the exams by testing myself on whether I could write the code on the PPTs myself and it turned out to be an effective way of studying. His PPTs cover a lot of information but the tests are based on what he covers in class. If he doesn't focus on something in class, it's not likely to be tested on. There are 6 PSETs for the class, and they each take a lot of time. Each took me 12-20 hours. Start them the day they're released. Know that you have one 48 hour extension! I spent 15+ hours per week for this class, but I felt like it was very rewarding. I've come out of it proficient in Java and well acquainted with many new types of data structures.",
"Professor Pierson is one of most interesting professors I've had during my time at Dartmouth. Some people complain about the pace of the course and conflate its difficulty with Pierson's teaching skill, which is a flawed assumption as best. Be ready to put in work, work with a partner who works just as hard as you (which is hopefully very hard), and you'll do fine. Slack off, expect the lectures to leave you completely understanding the material, and you won't succeed. CS is not about listening, it's about doing. If you can't figure out the concepts on your own, then maybe CS as a course of study isn't for you.",
"The material of the class is really interesting. However, Pierson is a terrible professor, who has completely plagiarized the class from the last prof. As such, all the last profs' mistakes in assignments are still present. I love this material but almost every assignment is riddled with unclear directions, and english so bad someone from north korea could have written it. TAs are helpful. The class would be infinitely easier if it was written by someone with a coherent understanding of the english language. Also, to do well in this class, familiarize yourself with java beforehand. ESPECIALLY java swing and awt. You won't need to write a lot of gui code / swing code, but I think that understanding these libraries will help you grasp assignments much faster and make your life much easier."